CHAOS-7392 Update upgrade-infra.md (#9202)
harness/developer-hub: docs/chaos-engineering/use-harness-ce/infrastructures/upgrade-infra.md

You can upgrade Linux infrastructure in two ways depending on the platform (SMP or SaaS). They are described below.

For SaaS, execute the commands in the VM where your infrastructure is installed.

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="SaaS">

- Execute the following commands to fetch the `INFRA_ID` and the `ACCESS_KEY`.

	```yaml
	INFRA_ID=$(sed -n 's/^infraID: "\(.*\)"/\1/p' /etc/linux-chaos-infrastructure/config.yaml)
	```

	```yaml
	ACCESS_KEY=$(sed -n 's/^accessKey: "\(.*\)"/\1/p' /etc/linux-chaos-infrastructure/config.yaml)
	```

- Execute the below command to uninstall the existing infrastructure.

	```yaml
	/etc/linux-chaos-infrastructure/uninstall.sh
	```

- You can find the URL (which is a binary required for installation) to upgrade the Linux infrastructure by navigating to your account, and accessing the Linux infrastructure from the UI. Execute this command with the `INFRA_ID` and the `ACCESS_KEY` that you got by executing the first command.

	```yaml
	sudo https://app.harness.io/public/shared/tools/chaos/linux/1.50.0/install.sh | bash /dev/stdin --infra-id <INFRA_ID> --access-key <ACCESS_KEY> --server-url https://<YOUR_IP>/chaos/lserver/api
	```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="SMP">

> - Raise a [Harness support](https://support.harness.io) ticket to upgrade SMP Linux infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Raise a [Harness support](https://support.harness.io) ticket to get the offline-linux-installer tarball.
```

> - Raise a [Harness support](https://support.harness.io) ticket to upgrade SMP Linux infrastructure.

Reviewer: First two points of SAAS will also come here

> - Get an offline installer that you can run in your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Copy and extract the offline installer to your target vm and `cd` to the extracted directory 
```
